Docs: update documentation for frontend architecture (#1660)
reposense/RepoSense: docs/dg/report.md

<!-- ==================================================================================================== -->

## App ([app.vue](https://github.com/reposense/RepoSense/blob/master/frontend/src/app.vue))

> This contains the logic for the main VueJS object, `app.vue`, which is the entrypoint for the web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contains the logic for the main VueJS object, `app.vue`, which is the entry point for the web application.
```
